README.en.md, before:

<a href="./README.md">
    <img src="https://flagcdn.com/es.svg" alt="🇪🇸" height="24" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ES-gray?style=for-the-badge" alt="Español" style="height: 24px; width: auto;" />
 </a></br>

  <a href="./README.en.md">
    <img src="https://flagcdn.com/gb.svg" alt="🇬🇧" height="24" width="35px" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GB-gray?style=for-the-badge" alt="English" style="height: 24px; width: auto;"  />
  </a>

<div align="center">
    
# Personal Porfolio
    
![](public/assets/images/screenshot.png)
</div>

## Links

[![Código](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Aaron-GF/portfolio_personal.git)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-255E63?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://portfolio-dev-web-aaron-gf.vercel.app/)

## Features

- Responsive
- Animations
- Contact form
- Copy email buttons
- Popover to show email

## Technologies used

**Languages:**

- HTML
- JavaScript

**Frameworks and libraries:**

- React
- Tailwind CSS

**Development tools:**

- Vite (bundler)
- pnpm (package manager)
- Windsurf (code editor)

**Development environments:**

- Windows
- Node.js

## Resources and external libraries

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vite](https://vite.dev/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Theme toggle](https://theme-toggle.rdsx.dev/)
- [Web3Forms](https://web3forms.com/)
- [Flowbite](https://flowbite.com/)
- [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- [@midudev/tailwind-animations](https://tailwindcss-animations.vercel.app/)
- [perplexity](https://perplexity.ai/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

Commit message:

feat: update README.md and README.en.md. refactor: update About.jsx, Projects.jsx, Skills.jsx, global.css. Changes h2, and responsive design. Projects card change complete.

README.en.md, after:

<a href="./README.md">
    <img src="https://flagcdn.com/es.svg" alt="🇪🇸" height="24" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ES-gray?style=for-the-badge" alt="Español" style="height: 24px; width: auto;" />
 </a></br>

  <a href="./README.en.md">
    <img src="https://flagcdn.com/gb.svg" alt="🇬🇧" height="24" width="35px" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GB-gray?style=for-the-badge" alt="English" style="height: 24px; width: auto;"  />
  </a>

<div align="center">
    
# Personal Porfolio
    
![](public/assets/images/screenshot.png)
</div>

## Links

[![Código](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Aaron-GF/portfolio_personal.git)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-255E63?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://portfolio-dev-web-aaron-gf.vercel.app/)

## Features

- Responsive design adapting to all devices.
- Smooth and modern animations to enhance user experience.
- Functional and accessible contact form.
- Portfolio rating system with registration using Supabase for managing and storing votes.
- Interactive popover to display the email discreetly and securely.

---

## Technologies and Tools Used

- **Languages:** HTML, JavaScript.
- **Frameworks and Libraries:** React, Tailwind CSS.
- **Development Tools:** Vite (bundler), pnpm (package manager), Windsurf (code editor).
- **Environments:** Windows, Node.js.
- **External Services:**
  - [Supabase](https://supabase.com/): backend and data management.
  - [Vercel](https://vercel.com/): deployment and hosting.
  - [FingerprintJS](https://fingerprint.com/): user identification for the rating system.

---

## External Resources and Libraries

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
- [FingerprintJS](https://fingerprint.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- [Flowbite](https://flowbite.com/)
- [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- [@midudev/tailwind-animations](https://tailwindcss-animations.vercel.app/)
- [Web3Forms](https://web3forms.com/)
- [Theme toggle](https://theme-toggle.rdsx.dev/)
